add subtitles for synthetics browser test failures (#19578)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/browser_tests/test_results.md

A test result is considered `FAILED` if it does not satisfy its assertions or if a step failed for another reason. You can troubleshoot failed runs by looking at their screenshots, checking for potential [errors](#errors-and-warnings) at the step level, and looking into [resources][17] and [backend traces](#backend-traces) generated by their steps.

> ### Compare Screenshots

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Compare screenshots
```

> To help during the investigation, click **Compare Screenshots** to receive a side-by-side screenshots of the failed result and the last successful execution. The comparison should help you to spot any difference that could have caused the test to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help during the investigation, click **Compare Screenshots** to receive side-by-side screenshots of the failed result and the last successful execution. The comparison helps you to spot any differences that could have caused the test to fail.
```

> {{< img src="synthetics/browser_tests/test_results/compare_screenshots.png" alt="Compare Screenshots between your failed and successful runs" style="width:90%;" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="synthetics/browser_tests/test_results/compare_screenshots.png" alt="Compare screenshots between your failed and successful runs" style="width:90%;" >}}
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
Note: Comparison is performed between two test runs with the same version, start URL, device, browser, run type (scheduled, manual trigger, CI/CD). In the case there is no successful prior run with the same parameters, no comparison will be offered.
```
